README.md, before:

# ALGORITHMS EXERCISES

## Resources:

1. Grokking Algorithms: An illustrated guide for programmers and other curious people by Aditya Bhargava, published 2016

## JavaScript

Algorithms implemented in JavaScript language:

1.  **SELECTION SORT** algorithm based on (1) - this algorithm does not actually swap indexes, but creates new array with sorted elements; **Time Complexity**: O(n<sup>2</sup>)

2.  **SELECTION SORT** algorithm based on [Wikipedia "Selection sort"](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sortowanie_przez_wybieranie "Wikipedia 'Selection sort'"); **Time Complexity**: O(n<sup>2</sup>) as there are two nested loops.

3.  **INSERTION SORT** algorithm based on [Wikipedia "Insertion sort"](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sortowanie_przez_wstawianie "Wikipedia 'Insertion sort'") and [Geeks for Geeks "Insertion sort"](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/insertion-sort/ "Geeks for Geeks 'Insertion sort'"); **Time Complexity**: O(n<sup>2</sup>).

## Python

Algorithms implemented in Python language:

1.  **SELECTION SORT** algorithm based on (1) - this algorithm does not actually swap indexes, but creates new array with sorted elements; **Time Complexity**: O(n<sup>2</sup>)

Commit message:

Add recurrence algorithms - factorial of a number

README.md, after:

# ALGORITHMS EXERCISES

## Resources:

1. Grokking Algorithms: An illustrated guide for programmers and other curious people by Aditya Bhargava, published 2016
2. JavaScript: The Good Parts by Douglas Crockford, published 2009

## JavaScript

Algorithms implemented in JavaScript language:

1.  **SELECTION SORT** algorithm based on (1) - this algorithm does not actually swap indexes, but creates new array with sorted elements; **Time Complexity**: O(n<sup>2</sup>)

2.  **SELECTION SORT** algorithm based on [Wikipedia "Selection sort"](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sortowanie_przez_wybieranie "Wikipedia 'Selection sort'"); **Time Complexity**: O(n<sup>2</sup>) as there are two nested loops.

3.  **INSERTION SORT** algorithm based on [Wikipedia "Insertion sort"](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sortowanie_przez_wstawianie "Wikipedia 'Insertion sort'") and [Geeks for Geeks "Insertion sort"](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/insertion-sort/ "Geeks for Geeks 'Insertion sort'"); **Time Complexity**: O(n<sup>2</sup>).

4.  **RECURRENCE ALGORITHMS**  
    4.1 **Factorial** based on (2)  
    4.2 **Factorial** based on [w3resource "JavaScript: Calculate the factorial of a number]("https://www.w3resource.com/javascript-exercises/javascript-recursion-function-exercise-1.php")

## Python

Algorithms implemented in Python language:

1.  **SELECTION SORT** algorithm based on (1) - this algorithm does not actually swap indexes, but creates new array with sorted elements; **Time Complexity**: O(n<sup>2</sup>)
